W-20591209-flowCOMPONENT-clarification-47-dm (#3231)
mulesoft/docs-mule-runtime-3: modules/ROOT/pages/flow-component.adoc

| Name (`name`) | Name for the flow. Flows automatically receive an editable name that matches (or partially matches) the project name.
| Initial State (`initialState`) a| Values: Started, Stopped. These are Mule runtime settings for the flow. The default, Started (`initialState="started"`, also called Empty in Studio), indicates that the flow is active when you start the app. So it can be triggered by an internal or external Mule event source within the flow (such as an HTTP listener or Scheduler), by a Flow Reference from another flow or subflow, or through a call to the xref:dataweave::dataweave-runtime-functions.adoc#functions_runtime[lookup] function.

> If you set the initial state to Stopped (`initialState="stopped"`), activate the flow after deployment. For Hybrid and Private Cloud Edition deployments, use xref:runtime-manager::flow-management.adoc[Runtime Manager] to activate the flow. For CloudHub and Anypoint Runtime Fabric deployments, flow management through Runtime Manager isn't supported. To activate the flow, redeploy the application or update the flow configuration to `Started`. When a flow is deployed with the initial state set to `Stopped`, the console output looks similar to this: `Flow flow_component_ex has not been started (initial state = 'stopped')`.

Author: ```suggestion
If you set the initial state to Stopped (`initialState="stopped"`), activate the flow after deployment. For hybrid standalone and Anypoint Platform PCE deployments, use xref:runtime-manager::flow-management.adoc[Runtime Manager] to activate the flow. For CloudHub and Anypoint Runtime Fabric deployments, flow management through Runtime Manager isn't supported. To activate the flow, redeploy the application or update the flow configuration to `Started`. When a flow is deployed with the initial state set to `Stopped`, the console output looks similar to this: `Flow flow_component_ex has not been started (initial state = 'stopped')`.
```

> If you set the initial state to Stopped (`initialState="stopped"`), activate the flow after deployment. For hybrid standalone and Anypoint Platform PCE deployments, use xref:runtime-manager::flow-management.adoc[Runtime Manager] to activate the flow. For CloudHub and Anypoint Runtime Fabric deployments, flow management through Runtime Manager isn't supported. To activate the flow, redeploy the application or update the flow configuration to `Started`. When a flow is deployed with the initial state set to `Stopped`, the console output looks similar to this: `Flow flow_component_ex has not been started (initial state = 'stopped')`.

Author: ```suggestion
If you set the initial state to Stopped (`initialState="stopped"`), activate the flow after deployment. For hybrid standalone and Anypoint Platform PCE deployments, use xref:runtime-manager::flow-management.adoc[Runtime Manager] to activate the flow. For CloudHub and Anypoint Runtime Fabric deployments, flow management through Runtime Manager isn't supported. To activate the flow, redeploy the application or update the flow configuration to Started. When a flow is deployed with the initial state set to Stopped, the console output looks similar to this: `Flow flow_component_ex has not been started (initial state = 'stopped')`.
```
